NIMBUS DYNAMICS, INC.
FORM 10-K
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2025

(NOTE: Nimbus Dynamics is a fictional company created for demonstration
purposes. This filing is synthetic and does not represent any real
business or financial data.)

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Consolidated revenue for fiscal year 2025 was $842 million, a decline
of 6.3% compared to $898 million in fiscal year 2024. The decline was
primarily driven by our Cloud Infrastructure segment, which saw revenue
fall 14% year-over-year to $310 million, as enterprise customers delayed
renewal decisions amid macroeconomic uncertainty. Our Managed Services
segment grew 9% year-over-year to $410 million, partially offsetting the
decline. Our smallest segment, Data Analytics, grew 22% year-over-year
to $122 million.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Our credit agreement requires us to maintain a maximum leverage ratio
(total debt to EBITDA) of 3.5x. As of December 31, 2025, our leverage
ratio was 3.3x, compared to a covenant limit of 3.5x, leaving limited
headroom given the revenue decline in our largest segment. Our credit
agreement also requires a minimum interest coverage ratio of 2.5x; we
reported 2.7x for the period, which we consider compliant but with
reduced margin relative to the prior fiscal year's 3.4x.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

In March 2025, the Company received a Civil Investigative Demand from
the Federal Trade Commission related to data retention practices in our
Cloud Infrastructure segment. The Company is cooperating with the
investigation. Based on information currently available, management
estimates a reasonably possible loss in the range of $15 million to
$40 million, though no amount within that range is considered more
probable than any other, and no liability has been accrued.

Separately, the Company is a defendant in a putative class action
alleging deceptive billing practices related to auto-renewal terms in
select state jurisdictions. The Company believes the claims are without
merit and intends to defend vigorously. Given the early stage of
proceedings, the Company cannot reasonably estimate a range of potential
loss at this time.
